[SOUND]
[MUSIC]
My name is Kwok Su.
I'm a project engineer for TELACU
Construction Management.
Our organization is an not for profit
company and
a lot of work that we do is either public
works or we used to do private sectors
development and a lot of senior retirement
homes.
Currently we're doing a few projects for
the
Federal government, with the Navy, Army,
Marine Corps.
And also we do a lot of work with
the Federal projects, with intended
improvements in the GSA world.
We wanted to streamline the law or
document work flow.
And so that, that was when we started.
We waned to make, make our construction
management style
a lot more efficient With RFIs and some
metals.
We wanted to expedite that because that
could ultimately lead to
a lot of delays and a lot of cost involved
in that.
[SOUND] With Procore, we're, we're able to
stay within our, our schedule and budget.
Relatively on a timely manner.
If a RFI was submitted like, today, and we
routed it correctly with our review and
with the architect, we're able to almost
immediately respond within a few hours.
[NOISE] The contractor ultimately
understands that this process
is a lot faster than a, a standard email.
And there's a lot of, of documentation
that goes with
that, a lot of logs that are produced from
the program.
So overall, they're able to use it more as
a tool than a, than a hindrance.
So, it helps a lot in the process.
[SOUND]
Yeah, within the first week, they were
able to pick it up and, and run with it.
The unlimited users for a set price was
the, the best selling point, and
the quick start up from new users picking
up the program was a good selling point.
[SOUND]
We were able to generate a lot more
specific reports that wasn't available
initially.
[SOUND]
Fast mostly
within that same day I'm able to resolve a
lot of user issues.
[SOUND]
Procore enable our company to
document a lot of language and a lot of
workflow from our files to submittals
we're able to make the process of
construction and of the documentation a
lot more steady and a lot more precise.
I would definitely recommend it to other
people.
Number one, unlimited users and number
two, cost effectiveness.
Number three, documentation is, is key in
our business.
So, being able to go back on verbage that
was said.
Or a certain type of document that was
sent.
That's key to our
business.
[SOUND]